[Workers] Cron triggers disable instructions (#10387)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/configuration/cron-triggers/index.md

Refer to [Metrics and Analytics](/workers/observability/metrics-and-analytics/) for more information.

## Remove a Cron Trigger

### Via the dashboard

To delete a Cron Trigger on a deployed Worker via the dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.
2. Go to **Workers & Pages**, and select your Worker.

> 3. Go to Triggers and find the Cron Trigger you want to remove.
> 4. Select the three dot icon > **Delete**.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Go to **Triggers** > select the three dot icon next to the Cron Trigger you want to remove > **Delete**.
```
